{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17940\viewh13660\viewkind1
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Pre-Review Analysis\

\b0 \ulnone \

\b Arduino:\

\b0 - Arduino nano v3 clone. 
\b \
\
Valve Section:\

\b0 - Flyback diodes on H bridge? Currently using the body diodes of the MOSFET. Will add external flyback diodes if needed.\
- Valve input is fused at 25A.\
- PMOS high side switch: AOD417\
	- Max Id: -25A\
	- Max  Vgs: +/-20V\
	- Vgs(th) between -1V and -3V\
	- Checked pinout: GDS\
- NMOS low side switch: AOD476\
	- Max Id: 25A\
	- Max Vgs: +/-16V\
	- Vgs(th) between 0.6V and 2V\
	- Checked pinout: GDS\
Both have TO252 packages. \
All this should be fine to handle the maximum current going through that motor.\
\cf2 TODO: measure the inductive kick of that thing.\
\cf3 - Resistor values for PMOS base pull-ups: TODO\
- Valve should open by default (i.e. if inputs are floating due to power loss or reset of the microcontroller). Done by pulling INPUT_B up and pulling INPUT_A down.\cf2 \
\

\b \cf3 Xbee SC1:\

\b0 - Decoupling capacitors: taken from data sheet. \
- Input power supply should have a switching frequency greater than 500kHz, ripple less than 100mV (from datasheet).\
- Current draw (idle): 50mA.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \

\b SD Card:\

\b0 - Current consumption: idle, read, write\
- Predicted average current consumption:\
- Decoupling capacitor value (for power supply stability) from Altium blog general guidelines. Will refine.\
\
- R-78E3.3-0.5: 500mA, 570kHz typ, 50mV ripple, 1.5mA quiescent current. Powers both Xbee and SD card.\
- Xbee and SD card interfacing: UART and SPI respectively. Logic level is shifted from 3V3 to 5V through SN74LVC2T45. Data direction is from B to A when DIR is LOW. Capacitor values are based on data sheet application notes.\
\

\b Analog Sensors:\

\b0 - Thermistors: standard NTC, temperature range TODO\
- Pressure sensor: TDH30 (solid state, 12-15V input, 0-5V output). Current consumption is approximately 7mA.\
- SPU01 step-up regulator: input cap is internal. No value specified for output cap. Put in a conservative value that may be changed later. \
\

\b Digital sensors:\

\b0 - I2C logic level shifter MOSFET: DMG2302UK\
	- Vgs(th) between 0.3V and 1.0V\
	- Max Vsd: 1.2V\
	- 3.0 - 1.2 = 1.8 > max Vgs.\
	- Pinout checked to be GSD.\
}